## Games

### Swat

Circle of chairs with a chair in the middle. THe person that is "IT" has the noodle and when they hit someone sitting, they have to put the noodle on the chair(without it falling off) and back to the empty seat before the person sitting can get to the chair, grab the noddle, and hit them back. If "IT" gets to the empty chair without being hit then they are safe and the person that was sitting is now "IT"

If the person sitting does succeed on hitting "IT",  you can either:
- Reset, so "IT" gets the noodle back and has to go hit someone else.
- Keep going, so the person that was sitting has to put the noodle back on the chair and get back without getting hit. This loop keeping going until someone puts the noodle on the chair and gets back to their seat.

If the noodle falls off the chair, the person that put it there has to put it back on top.
If the person that is grabbing the noodle, grabs it as it was falling or off the ground then it counts and the noodle does not have to be put back on the chair.

### Traffic Jam

Divide into 4 teams. Send each team into a corner. The object of the game is to see which team can get to the opposite (diagonal) corner the fastest using the designated method that the leader calls out (eg. if the leader calls out "hopping," the teams must hop to the opposite corner). This will create quite a "bottleneck" or "traffic jam" in the middle each time. Keep score of which team wins each crossing. First team to 5 wins. No points unless everyone does it.

Possible Methods:

- Hopping
- Wheel barrel (one person holding a partner's legs while they walk on hands)
- Crab Walk
- Sprint
- Backwards Walk
- Skipping
- Crawling

### Four Corners

Four teams, one in each corner. Leader calls out a number or name of a team and the team they are attacking. The attacking team runs to the defending team and tries to pull members of the defending team back to the attacking teams corner. After about 30secs, yell STOP or RESET to put everyone back in their corners. If a person was pulled all the way back to the attacking teams corner, they are now part of that team.