## Timeline

- 630 - Leader Meeting
- 645 - Doors Open, Sanctuary Doors Closed
- 730 - Prayer/Worship
- 740 - Games
- 805 - Snack
- 815 - Announcements/Prizes (No Snack In Sanctuary)
- 820 Worship Song
- 825 - Q+A collection with Grace
- 830 - Worship Song
- 845 - Small Groups
## Games
### Prime Minister
- everyone stands in a circle with a dodgeball
- one person is the prime minister in the middle
- one person is the bodyguard
- circle people have to work together to hit the prime minister with a dodgeball
- bodyguard has to protect the prime minister
- prime minister has to dodge and use the bodyguard as a shield
- if the prime minister is hit
	- the person that threw the dodge ball is the new bodyguard
	- the bodyguard is the new prime minister
	- the prime minister joins the circle
### Steal the Bacon
Requires an item to grab like a ball or basketball.

Two teams with equal numbers. Number each person on each team with the same numbers that the other team has. Call out a number for that member of each team to try and pick up an item equally distant from each team. If a person gets back to their “safe” line without getting tagged by their opponent give that team 2 . If a person tags their opponent before they reach safety give their team 1 pt. Mix up the numbers you call out – first number is for the team on the right the second number is for the team on the left.

### Four Corners
Four teams, one in each corner. Leader calls out a number or name of a team and the team they are attacking. The attacking team runs to the defending team and tries to pull members of the defending team back to the attacking teams corner. After about 30secs, yell STOP or RESET to put everyone back in their corners. If a person was pulled all the way back to the attacking teams corner, they are now part of that team.